in learning to incorporate art into my
elementary classroom I have made quite a
bill a few beliefs in how and why art
education will benefit my students
however my overall concept rationale for
art education will be to focus on
student individuality with Bart allowing
students to bring their viewpoints to
the integration of art into the
classroom
I'd like students to be able to create
detailed illustrations in order to
benefit their overall comprehension of a
reading passage drawing what they read
is a great way to make sure they
understand something correctly I'd like
just use say students use art as a way
to express their individual creativity
in everything they do it will make them
well-rounded students to be able to use
art in any subject matter such as
drawing pictures to understand a math
problem or drawing what happened during
a historical event for social studies
I'd like students to have an art journal
or sketchbook so they can use it on a
daily basis provided there is enough
time to draw whatever they are feeling
as a form of expression use their
imagination and draw what they are
thinking about such as what happened
that weekend or etc this will help boost
their self-esteem express their emotions
given the opportunity for interaction
with other students and make them more
engaged in the lessons for the day and
remain focused throughout the entire
school event if there is one lesson I
remember vividly some my elementary
experience it was creating a coat of
arms as part of a culture lesson each
student made one and presented it to the
class we learned about each student's
background and where they came from this
lesson is one I'd like to do in my
future classroom as a way to bring the
students together for a cultural
appreciation I'd like to see art used in
a way that students can use it to
construct meaning as the students learn
how to read I'd like to see them using
picture books where the pictures
complement the text in order to help
them leave
if a student doesn't understand a word
in the passage he or she can try to
sound it out or at least makes sense of
the words by looking at the visual
reference representation that
accompanies I'd like students to use art
through through the process of
transmutation for my future students I
think this will play a role in
discussing the difference between books
and movies so many children's stories
have been translated into the literacy
of the big screen and I think many
students will look forward to comparing
the differences between the two stories
all these different aspects fall under
the idea that a student's individual
immature interpretation of art needs to
be promoted in the classroom without it
they will lose all sense of creativity
the positive incorporation of art
education into the regular education
classroom needs to remain present in
order for the success of student
learning to a car